rawdata -> clean data to be upload to MendeleyData

Problem: too many missing data (more than 50%) for the qualitative questions
solution: check the pencil-and-paper questionnaire and realized that lots of the answers were not entered to the rawdata file.

Problem: data entry errors (such as 12 for a 5-point Likert scale item)
Solution: arrange each variable from large to small and correct the obvious errors (e.g., replace 22 with 2). 

Problem: some data entry errors were not obvious (e.g., 13 on a 5-point Likert scale item)
Solution: check the pencil-and-paper questionnaires to find the correct entry.

Problem: same response for consequtive items, which might indicate careless responses.
Solution: use the "careless"  package in R to calculate the number of consecutive responses.

Problem: not many incidence of certain behavior (e.g., used smartphone yesterday after unhappy event)
Solution: re-code the qualitative data into more frequent behaviors (e.g., used electronic devices yesterday after unhappy event).

Problem: some values in FirstMotivation are lower case letters and others are upper case letters.
Solution: recode a into A, recode b into B, recode c into C, recode d into D, recode e into E, recode f into F.

Problem: this was a 15-day daily diary study but some participants only provided valid data for 0 day or 1 day.
Solution: delete those participants from level1 data.

Problem: detect an error in value labeling. Specifically, the researcher detect more than 90% missing data on a level 2 variable "HabitUsage" and asked an research assistant to inspect that variable. A few days later, that research assistant replied saying that she miscoded that HabitUsage variable by using the same value label with another level1 variable DailyUsage.
Solution: Daily_social was coded "1" for using smartphone for social activities primarily and coded "0" for all other primary smartphone activiteis; similar data entry rule for Daily_entertainment, Daily_gaming, and Daily_study. However, the level2 variable HabitUsage_social was coded "1" for being the primary smartphone usage, coded "2" for being the secondary smartphone usage, coded "3" for being the third smartphone usage, and coded "4" for being the fourth smartphone usage.
